improving deprecated label experience (#3430)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/releases-at-okta/index.md

## Deprecation

> A feature identified as deprecated is no longer recommended for use and may be removed in the future — generally, this means that you shouldn't use it unless you have to. Any workarounds or recommended paths forward are included in the relevant documentation, libraries, or references. When Okta schedules an end-of-service plan, that information is also included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A feature identified as deprecated is no longer recommended for use and may be removed in the future&mdash;generally, this means that you shouldn't use it unless you have to. Any workarounds or recommended paths forward are included in the relevant documentation, libraries, or references. When Okta schedules an end-of-service plan, that information is also included.
```
Style guide (#33) says not to add spaces around an em dash.
Alternatively, you can use parentheses or just break this sentence up? "... in the future. Generally, this means..." ?

> A feature identified as deprecated is no longer recommended for use and may be removed in the future — generally this means that you shouldn't use it unless you have to. For specific cases, workarounds and recommended paths forward are included in the relevant documentation, libraries, or references. When Okta schedules an end-of-life plan, that information is also included.

Reviewer 2: Maybe `end-of-service` instead of `end-of-life` plan? 
Sounds a bit like we're going to reach out and start pulling life support on people. :-D 
```suggestion
A feature identified as deprecated is no longer recommended for use and may be removed in the future — generally, this means that you shouldn't use it unless you have to. Any workarounds or recommended paths forward are included in the relevant documentation, libraries, or references. When Okta schedules an end-of-service plan, that information is also included.
```
